This is bad…
He's merging all the chakra that's been scattered into one…
And doing it unbelievably well too, almost unrivaled.
He's just as good as Old Man Six Paths…
Well, except he's doing the reverse thing…
There's no Gedo Statue here,
so he's making the Susano'o the receiving vessel.
Something incredible is going to emerge…
Don't let down your guard, Naruto!
That jutsu again?
Naruto…
That jutsu of yours symbolizes your weakness.
That's right… It's a jutsu that covers up
your loneliness!
Why that—!
You only hold a little piece of each Tailed Beast's chakra…
You can't win against me now.
Nor this…
Not yet?!
Kurama!
I might have amassed too much, in fact.
It's everything that's available.
Here it comes!
I can feel it!
How did he gain so much Nature Energy so suddenly?
Let's do this!
Yeah!
You finally decided to kill me, huh?
We've taken on a lot of responsibilities upon our shoulders…
But you see,
I…
I want to fight you too.
I wanna fight, and win against you fair and square!
But… …not against the current you!
You already know that too… right, Sasuke?!
This fight with you right now, will be my last.
Indra's Arrow…
Currently the most powerful jutsu in my arsenal…
So just…die.
Just be gone already!
Damn it…
You're not—!
Naruto!
If my Nature Energy didn't make it to you in time,
you'd have been blown away just now!
And your chakra's already long been drained from—
Amaterasu!
Only a diversion, huh?
I can't actually take him down with this…
I need the Tailed Beasts…
I've used too much chakra… can't maintain control!
At this rate, I can't use my left eye's abilities either!
He's still not—!
Give it up already…
– Sasuke! – Naruto!
Damn it!
Sasuke wins!
All right, both of you, make the Unison Sign.
Not even a nod of acknowledgment?!
You jerk!
I've got to get this off my chest!
You turd! No, you hard, drippy turd!
Ouch!
I told you that shinobi Kumite is a time-honored and sacred tradition!
Now, make the Unison Sign now!
You're finally awake.
It's dusk already.
Where are Sasuke and Naruto?
They're currently fighting their final battle…
…in order to settle things for good.
Hang in there!
It's not much but I've finished infusing some more chakra—!
This is one of the abilities of the Rinnegan.
As someone who possesses the eyes of the Uchiha…
My victory is inevitable.
Now…
Now, I can finally be alone!
Farewell…
My one and only… friend!
That was a great counter!
You didn't miss the fact that his Visual Prowess is weakened!
Over and…
…over and…
…over and… …over and over and and over over again!
Just give up and let me cut you down!
Can't do that.
'Cuz I'm your one and only friend!
I figured as much…
He's assimilated the chakra I created and infused for you,
and made it his own…
And now Flame Control…
He intends to finish this with one last blast.
Listen, I'm giving what remains of my own chakra…
Once I do that, it's gonna put me to sleep.
Don't unleash your jutsu until the last minute,
so he doesn't absorb more chakra from you.
Well, not that he can use his newly awakened Rinnegan
to absorb chakra while putting out his own jutsu…
Who are you to be so confident when you couldn't even save Sasuke?
I've never given up… Once you give up, it's over.
I will save Sasuke, and…
I'm coming after all that hate inside you too, someday!
Now go… You're the one and only for us too…
That's why Sasuke is…
NARUTO AND SASUKE
Am I dead?
This sensation… it must be…probably.
Sorry, Grandma Tsunade.
I promised I wouldn't die…
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "The Unison Sign"
…until I became the Hokage.
Tune in again!